[DOCS] Update Fail2Ban security measures (#1349)
authelia/authelia: docs/security/measures.md

### More protections measures with fail2ban

> If you are running fail2ban, adding a filter and jail for Authelia can reduce load on the application / web server. Fail2bn will ban IPs exceeding a threshold of repeated failed logins on the firewall level of your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running fail2ban, adding a filter and jail for Authelia can reduce load on the application / web server. Fail2ban will ban IPs exceeding a threshold of repeated failed logins at the firewall level of your host.
```

> If you are using docker, the Authelia log file location has to be mounted from the host system to the container for fail2ban to access it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Docker, the Authelia log file location has to be mounted from the host system to the container for fail2ban to access it.
```
